= TaxCloud

TaxCloud is a service to calculate sales tax and generate tax reports.
tax\_cloud allows you to easily integrate with TaxCloud's API.

=== Getting Started
1. Create a TaxCloud merchant account at http://www.taxcloud.net

2. Add a website to your TaxCloud account. This will generate an API ID and API Key that you will
need to use the service.

3. Get access to the USPS Address API at https://www.usps.com/business/webtools.htm. The API will provide a 9-digit zip code, which allows TaxCloud to determine the most accurate rate.

=== Setup
Add the gem to your Gemfile
  gem 'tax_cloud', '~> 0.1.5'

Configure your environment. For example, create an initializer in Rails in *config/initializers/tax_cloud.rb*
  TaxCloud.configure do |config|
    config.api_login_id = 'your_tax_cloud_api_login_id'
    config.api_key = 'your_tax_cloud_api_key'
    config.usps_username = 'your_usps_username'
  end

=== Using TaxCloud
Define the destination and origin addresses using <tt>TaxCloud::Address</tt>.
  origin = TaxCloud::Address.new(
    :address1 => '162 East Avenue', 
    :address2 => 'Third Floor', 
    :city => 'Norwalk', 
    :state => 'CT', 
    :zip5 => '06851')
  destination = TaxCloud::Address.new(
    :address1 => '3121 West Government Way', 
    :address2 => 'Suite 2B', 
    :city => 'Seattle',
    :state => 'WA', 
    :zip5 => '98199')

Create your Transaction and set up your cart items
  transaction = TaxCloud::Transaction.new(
    :customer_id => '1', 
    :cart_id => '1', 
    :origin => origin, 
    :destination => destination)
  transaction.cart_items << TaxCloud::CartItem.new(
    :index => 0, 
    :item_id => 'SKU-100', 
    :tic => TaxCloud::TaxCodes::GENERAL, 
    :price => 10.00, 
    :quantity => 1)
  lookup = transaction.lookup # this will return a Savon response object

After you've authorized and captured the transaction via your merchant account, you should do the same with TaxCloud for maintaining accurate tax information.
  transaction.order_id = 100
  transaction.authorized_with_capture # return Savon response object

Later, you may need to mark some cart items as returned. TaxCloud will ignore any cart items that you don't include
    transaction.order_id = 100
    transaction.cart_items << TaxCloud::CartItem.new(
      :index => 0, 
      :item_id => 'SKU-100', 
      :tic => TaxCloud::TaxCodes::GENERAL, 
      :price => 10.00, 
      :quantity => 1)
    transaction.returned # return Savon response object

=== Running Tests
* VCR and WebMock are used to replay requests and avoid hitting the API each time. To refresh the mocks, simply delete the *test/cassettes* directory.
* The mocks will filter out your config details.
* run <tt>rake test</tt>
* If you need to record new requests against TaxCloud, run <tt>TAXCLOUD_API_LOGIN_ID=... TAXCLOUD_API_KEY=... TAXCLOUD_USPS_USERNAME=... rake test</tt>.

=== Todo
* Instead of returning Savon response objects, it should return TransactionLookupResponse, TransactionAuthorizedResponse, TransactionCapturedResponse, etc.
* Add all tax codes to TaxCloud::TaxCodes

=== Bugs, fixes, etc
* Fork.
* Write test(s).
* Fix.
* Commit.
* Submit pull request.
